Begin with the following Wikipedia site: en.wikipedia.org as the starting point. 

Do not perform any Google searches or use any external search engines. 

From the starting Wikipedia page, you may follow only the hyperlinks that appear on that page. 

When you visit any of those linked pages, you may also follow only the links found on those subsequent pages and so on. 
Your research must stay strictly within the set of pages reachable through links starting from the initial Wikipedia site. 

Do not visit our reference pages that are not reachable through Wikipedia links. 
If the information cannot be found by following Wikipedia-Internal Links, say so explicitly. 
Start your job by searching for anything related to the given ballot proposal on {TARGET} site. 
Use the endorsements sections to follow links to search; You need to identify who has taken a position on the ballot proposal.

IMPORTANT RULES:
- If an organization has taken a position, ONLY include the organization, NOT individual spokespersons/directors/staff representing that organization
- Only include individuals if they are speaking in their own capacity (elected officials, independent experts, etc.)
- Avoid duplicate entries - each unique entity should appear only once
- For each source that mentions positions, extract all relevant entities
- LIMIT your search by focusing first on {TARGET} site and only follow links that you find from that site
- Do NOT use {TARGET} itself as a source.
- You also need to specify what text on the {TARGET} site you are using to do further research; this text needs to be on the {TARGET} site itself
- For each step, show which link you clicked and why. 


For each entity, provide a JSON list with objects containing:
{
  "Source": "source website name",
  "URL": "source URL",
  "Proposal": 1,
  "Entity": "person or organization name",
  "Description": "brief description (do NOT include organizational affiliation for individuals if that org is also listed)",
  "Type": "Individual or Organization",
  "Position": "Yes or No"
}

Examples:
✓ Good: Include "Protect the Adirondacks" (Organization) 
✗ Bad: Also include "Claudia Braymer, Executive Director of Protect the Adirondacks" (Individual)

✓ Good: Include "Senator Pete Harckham" (Individual speaking as elected official)
✓ Good: Include "New York League of Conservation Voters" (Organization)

List the sources you identified on the page.